# 第 15 周 20190708-20190714

## Algorithm


## Review

[An introduction to Redis data types and abstractions](https://redis.io/topics/data-types-intro)

- Binary-safe strings.
- Lists: collections of string elements sorted according to the order of insertion. They are basically linked lists.
- Sets: collections of unique, unsorted string elements.
- Sorted sets, similar to Sets but where every string element is associated to a floating number value, called score. The elements are always taken sorted by their score, so unlike Sets it is possible to retrieve a range of elements (for example you may ask: give me the top 10, or the bottom 10).
- Hashes, which are maps composed of fields associated with values. Both the field and the value are strings. This is very similar to Ruby or Python hashes.
- Bit arrays (or simply bitmaps): it is possible, using special commands, to handle String values like an array of bits: you can set and clear individual bits, count all the bits set to 1, find the first set or unset bit, and so forth.
- HyperLogLogs: this is a probabilistic data structure which is used in order to estimate the cardinality of a set. Don't be scared, it is simpler than it seems... See later in the HyperLogLog section of this tutorial.
- Streams: append-only collections of map-like entries that provide an abstract log data type. They are covered in depth in the Introduction to Redis Streams.

## Tip

#### 1. bitmap 的使用

又名bit arrays ，像字节数组一样操作字符串，value=0或1

常用命令：

- SETBIT key offset value    设置指定位置的字节
- GETBIT key offset         获取指定位置的字节值，0或者1
- BITCOUNT key [start end]  统计值为1的个数
- BITPOS key bit [start] [end] 返回指定 bit 值的第一个位置,没有


## Share

